iOS: getToken() (#1387)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/ios/get-token.mdx

---
title: getToken()
description: Use Clerk's iOS SDK to retrieve a token for a JWT Template that is defined in the Clerk Dashboard.
---

# `getToken()`

Retrieves the user's session token for the default Clerk token or the given template.

This method uses a cache so a network request will only be made if the token in memory has expired. The TTL for a Clerk token is one minute.

Tokens can only be generated if the user is signed in.

```swift {{ filename: 'Session' }}
func getToken(
  _ options: GetTokenOptions = .init()
) async throws -> TokenResource?
```

## Parameters

> | Name | Type | Description |
> | - | - | - |
> | `options` | `GetTokenOptions` | Options that can be passed as parameters to the `getToken()` function. |

Reviewer: I think this is the correct syntax

```suggestion
<Properties>
  - `options`
  - [`GetTokenOptions`](#get-token-options)
 
  Options that can be passed as parameters to the `getToken()` function.
</Properties>
```

### `GetTokenOptions`

| Name | Type | Description |
| - | - | - |
| `template` | `String?` | The name of the JWT template from the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=jwt-templates) to generate a new token from.<br />For example: 'firebase', 'grafbase', or your custom template's name. |
| `expirationBuffer` | `Double` | If the cached token will expire within `{expirationBuffer}` seconds, fetch a new token instead. Max is 60 seconds. Defaults to 10 seconds. |

> | `skipCache` | `Bool` | Whether to skip the cache lookup and force a refresh of the token instead. Useful if the token claims are time-sensitive or depend on data that can be updated (e.g. user fields). Defaults to false. |

Reviewer: use the [`<Properties>` component](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#properties-1) here as well

---
title: getToken()
description: Use Clerk's iOS SDK to retrieve a token for a JWT Template that is defined in the Clerk Dashboard.
---

# `getToken()`

> Retrieves the user's session token for the default Clerk token or the given template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the user's session token for the [default Clerk token](/docs/backend-requests/resources/session-tokens) or the given [template](/docs/backend-requests/making/jwt-templates).
```
